About Shop Pay Installments

Shop Pay Installments
Shop Pay offers you the option to pay in full at checkout, or to split your purchase into regular payments with Shop Pay Installments, both online and in store. Installment options vary by store and can be used on orders over $50 CAD, including discounts, shipping, and taxes.
  Payment plans
Purchases between $35 to $30,000 CAD are eligible for Shop Pay Installments, with options to:
Pay in 2 for purchases from $35 to $50 CAD
Two interest-free payments every 15 days
Pay in 4 for purchases from $50 to $999 CAD
Interest-free payments every 2 weeks
Pay monthly for purchases from $150 to $30,000 CAD
3, 6, or 12-month terms
Rates from 0%-32% APR
Note: Minimum purchase amounts and offers may vary from a merchant to another. Orders over $20,000 CAD will be subject to a $10,000 CAD down payment.
  Eligibility requirements and credit score
You must be over the age of 18, living in Canada, and pay in CAD to use Shop Pay Installments.
Checking your eligibility will not impact your credit. Once payment plan terms are accepted, your payments may be reported to a credit bureau.
Note: To use Shop Pay Installments, you need a Canadian shipping address.
  Fees or penalties
For purchases split into 2 or 4 bi-weekly payments, there are no additional charges or interest rates applied. Purchases split into monthly payments may be subject to interest.
You can pay your balance off early without penalty.
There are no late fees. However, partial or late payments may affect your ability to use Shop Pay Installments in the future.
  Restricted items
There are some items that you can’t use Shop Pay Installments to purchase, including, but not limited to:
  Cash advances
Illegal items and activities
Weapons, including parts and accessories
Narcotics
Regulated products such as tobacco or drug paraphernalia
Currency, including cryptocurrency
PayPal, Venmo, and other money transfer services
Loan and credit card payments
  Terms of Service
Learn more about Affirm’s Terms of Service or Shop’s Terms of Service. 

Disclosure
Payment options through Affirm Canada Holdings Ltd. (“Affirm”). Your rate will be 0–31.99% APR (where available and subject to provincial regulatory limitations). APR offered is based on creditworthiness and subject to an eligibility check. Not all customers will be eligible for 0% APR.
For example a $800 purchase could be split into 12 monthly payments of $72.21 at 15% Apr, or 4 interest-free payments of $200 every 2 weeks.

Shop Pay Installments is offered in partnership with Affirm. Affirm is the provider of your loan, and you can handle payments in your Shop Pay account or directly via Affirm. 