Affirm Canada Holdings LTD Terms of Service and E-Sign Consent
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING AFFIRM CANADA HOLDINGS LTD'S ("AFFIRM," "WE," "OUR") WEBSITE OR APP, OR USING THE AFFIRM SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY: (1) THESE TERMS OF SERVICE; (2) AFFIRM E-SIGN CONSENT AGREEMENT; AND (3) AFFIRM PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND TO COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE AFFIRM WEBSITE OR APP, OR USE THE AFFIRM SERVICE. THE HEADINGS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE FOR REFERENCE PURPOSES ONLY. YOU SHOULD PRINT A COPY OF THIS DOCUMENT FOR YOUR RECORDS.


What are you agreeing to?

Overview

These Terms of Service are a contractual relationship between you ("you" or "your") and Affirm Canada Holdings Ltd. (including its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, vendors, and assigns) ("Affirm," "we," "us," "our") regarding your: (1) use of the website located at www.affirm.com/en-ca/ ("Website") or the mobile application offered by or marketed by or on behalf of Affirm (the "App"); (2) use of the "Buy with Affirm" service (as described in these Terms of Service); and (3) use of other Affirm service(s) (including access to your Affirm account information) offered through the Website, App, and over the phone (collectively, the "Affirm Service(s)" or "Service(s)").

Changes to these Terms of Service.

Affirm may unilaterally decide to change these Terms of Service from time to time, provided, however, that such changes will not impose additional obligations on you with respect to actions you took before the change became effective unless you specifically agree to such changes (for example, by confirming a loan). Additionally, IF YOU USE THE AFFIRM SERVICES AFTER WE POST ANY CHANGES TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE ACCEPTED THE CHANGES AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AS CHANGED. If Affirm makes any changes to these Terms of Service that it deems to be material, Affirm will make a reasonable effort to inform you of such changes, but it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service posted to our Website from time to time to see if it has been changed.

QUEBEC RESIDENTS ONLY

Notwithstanding the above, should Affirm unilaterally decide to change these Terms of Service, Affirm will provide you with a notice in writing at least 30 days before the changes come into force.

Your Eligibility.

To be eligible to use the Services, you must be at least the age of majority in the province or territory where you reside. You represent and warrant that you are eligible to use the Services. You further represent and warrant that you are using the Services in your personal capacity and any Affirm loan product obtained is for your personal use.

How Affirm will serve you.

The "Buy with Affirm" Service.

Description: "Buy with Affirm" is a closed-end installment loan product with standard monthly terms offered by Affirm through Affirm's Website. Loan term options and interest rates may vary based on purchase price and merchant. "Buy with Affirm" loans are simple interest loans, which means that interest accrues daily on the unpaid principal balance, up to the amount of the cost of credit/cost of borrowing, until you pay the loan in full. "Buy with Affirm" allows you to buy goods or services offered by merchants ("Merchants") for personal use. If you agree to use "Buy with Affirm," Affirm will pay the Merchant on your behalf in exchange for your promise to repay the same amount plus a cost of credit/cost of borrowing amount as determined by your creditworthiness.

Your Promise to Pay: Before completing any transaction on your behalf through any Affirm Services, Affirm will secure your promise to pay by disclosing the terms and conditions applicable to that transaction and securing your affirmative consent to those terms and conditions for that transaction.

Cost of Credit/Cost of Borrowing: The "Buy with Affirm" service is subject to a cost of credit/cost of borrowing amount (i.e., the dollar amount that the loan will cost you) based on the applicable interest rate determined by your creditworthiness. Affirm will always disclose the specific cost of credit/cost of borrowing amount before you agree to any loan.

First Payment: Your first payment will be due no sooner than 15 days after Affirm pays a Merchant on your behalf pursuant to the "Buy with Affirm" service, as further detailed in your loan agreement.

Delays in Processing: In some cases when you attempt to use "Buy with Affirm" to make a purchase, the transaction may be held as pending or be otherwise delayed for processing and confirmation by either Affirm or the Merchant and can be canceled at any time until it is confirmed by Affirm.

Canceling Transactions.

Affirm may choose not to provide Services to you or to specific Merchant sites at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, your creditworthiness, your history of transactions on our Website, the Merchant's account history or any other reason. Affirm may cancel transactions at any time before a Merchant delivers any goods or services if you violate any term of these Terms of Service.

Collecting Information About You.

By using the Affirm Services, you authorize Affirm, directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries we consider necessary to validate your identity and to collect information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Affirm reserves the right to close, suspend, or limit access to your account and/or the Services in the event we are unable to obtain or verify this information.

Credit Report Authorization and Reporting.

You expressly authorize Affirm to obtain consumer/credit reports from consumer/credit reporting agencies about you: (1) when you apply for a loan; (2) periodically throughout the term of your loan (including in the month following the month when you pay off or otherwise satisfy the loan); and (3) periodically in connection with any other services you may obtain from us. You expressly authorize us to use the information that we obtain from such reports for market refinancings and the offering of Affirm's current and future products and services to you (both during and after the term of your loan and the term of any other services you may obtain from us), provide you with other services you may request, make decisions related to the servicing and collection of your account, measure how the loan you obtained from us impacts your credit, perform other statistical analysis, and share information with you about your credit profile. Your authorization is dated as of the date you accept these Terms of Service and is continuing while you continue to use Affirm's services. You may withdraw your authorization by contacting us through the Affirm Help Center or by calling us at 888-484-4282.

You have the right to access and rectify any information held by a credit bureau, including information contained in a credit report or in a recommendation, in accordance with applicable law. In order to do so, you may contact the credit bureau directly. You understand that Affirm may report information about your loan to consumer/credit reporting agencies in accordance with applicable law.

Collection.

You agree to allow Affirm to send you payment reminders from time-to-time. Notwithstanding whether you have consented or withdrawn your consent to the Affirm E-Sign Consent, you agree that payment reminders may take the form of any available communication. You also agree that if you fail to pay an amount owed to Affirm pursuant to the loan agreement, Affirm may engage in collection efforts, subject to any limits under applicable law, to recover such amounts from you. These collection efforts may involve contacting you directly, submitting your information to a collections agency, or taking legal action. FAILURE TO PAY MAY AFFECT YOUR CREDIT SCORE.

Communication & Notification.

You agree that Affirm may provide you communications about your account and the Affirm Service electronically or through phone calls or in writing. Standard mobile, message, or data rates may apply and you are responsible for any such fees. Affirm reserves the right to close or limit access to your account and immediately collect all due amounts, subject to any limits under applicable law, if you withdraw your consent to receive electronic service messages or other account service communications or if you revoke access to any third party site on which the Affirm Service relies or if any such service should revoke or cancel your account on that site.

Subject to applicable law, electronic communications may be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time we email it to you or otherwise bring it to your attention (such as via SMS or other online or mobile notification). We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 3 business days after we send it.

For Saskatchewan: Any electronic communications will be considered to be received by you within 5 days after it was sent or the day you actually receive it, whichever is earliest. We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 5 days after we send it.

For Northwest Territories: Any electronic communications will be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time we email it to you or otherwise send it to your attention (such as via SMS or other online or mobile notification). We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 10 days after we send it.

For Newfoundland: Any electronic communications will be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time we email it to you or otherwise send it to your attention (such as via SMS or other online or mobile notification). We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 7 days after we send it.

For New Brunswick: Any electronic communications will be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time we email it to you or otherwise send it to your attention (such as via SMS or other online or mobile notification). We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 5 days after we send it.

For Alberta: Any electronic communications will be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time we email it to you or otherwise send it to your attention (such as via SMS or other online or mobile notification). We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 7 days after we send it.

For Manitoba: Any electronic communications will be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time we email it to you or otherwise send it to your attention (such as via SMS or other online or mobile notification). We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 5 days after we send it.

For British Columbia: Any electronic communications will be considered to be received by you within 3 days of the time we email it to you or otherwise send it to your attention (such as via SMS or other online or mobile notification). We may assume you have received any communications sent to you by postal mail 5 days after we send it.

If we need to contact you to service your account or to collect amounts you owe to us, you give express consent to us, as well as servicers, agents, contractors and collectors of your account, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to communicate with you in any way, such as calling, texting, or emailing via:

a mobile phone or landline you provide to us, used to contact us, or at which we believe we can reach you (even if it is not yours);

any email address you provide to us or one of our Merchants;

automated dialer systems and automatic telephone dialing systems;

pre-recorded or artificial voice messages and other forms of communications.

You also agree that these communications are not unsolicited for purposes of any provincial, territorial or federal law, and you understand that this may result in additional mobile, text message, or data charges, subject to any restrictions under applicable law.

You understand and agree that Affirm may monitor or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with Affirm or its agents for quality control and training purposes or for its own protection. You acknowledge and understand that, while your communications with Affirm may be monitored, or recorded without further notice or warning, not all telephone lines or calls may be recorded by Affirm.

Notwithstanding this provision, Affirm's delivery of any Disclosures (as defined below) governed by the Affirm E-Sign Consent shall be governed by your consent or withdrawal of consent to receiving such Disclosures in electronic form.

Working with Third Parties.

You acknowledge that granting permission to a third party to take specific actions on your behalf does not relieve you of any of your responsibilities under these Terms of Service. Further, you acknowledge and agree that you will not hold Affirm responsible for, and will indemnify Affirm, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from, any liability arising from the actions or inactions of this third party in connection with the permissions you grant.

You also authorize your wireless carrier to disclose information about your account, such as your name and address, subscriber status, payment method and device details, if available, for the limited purposes of identity verification, and fraud avoidance for the duration of your business relationship with us. This information may also be shared with our service providers to the extent necessary to support these purposes.

Your use of Affirm.

Agreement to Provide Accurate Information.

When you provide information to Affirm or in connection with the Affirm Services, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and you agree not to misrepresent your identity or your account information. You further agree to keep your account information up to date and accurate.

User Responsible for Fees.

Subject to applicable law, if you use the Affirm Services, you are responsible for any fees or other amounts that your phone service provider charges, such as fees for SMS, data services, and any other fees that your phone service provider may charge.

Repayment Methods.

You may use one of the acceptable methods of payment to make one-time transactions to pay your account as payments become due or you may set up automatic monthly account payments.

The acceptable methods of payment now or in the future are identified below. Affirm may, at any time, restrict or change payment methods acceptable to Affirm.

Termination by you or Affirm of any payment method will not terminate your obligations to Affirm under any loan product and you will be responsible for making payments owing in respect of the loan product using the payment method acceptable to us.

Debit Card - Payments made by debit card will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the debit card issuer. If charges cannot be processed through your debit card, or if your bank draft or electronic funds transfer is returned for insufficient funds, you will be responsible for any fees imposed by the debit card issuer, and Affirm will have no liability with respect thereto.

Pre-Authorized Debit (PAD) - You may pay your account balance by authorizing a PAD transaction from your bank account.

Credit Card - Payments made by credit card will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the credit card issuer. You understand you will be responsible for any fees imposed by the credit card issuer and that those fees are not imposed by Affirm. Affirm reserves the right to allow credit cards as a method of payment for certain loan products offered.

Access to Your Account.

You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of the login credentials to your Affirm account and any other access credentials you may use to access your Affirm account (e.g., the password to the mobile device you use to access the Services). You must notify us immediately if you believe your login credentials or the security of your Affirm account have been compromised or stolen. You are responsible for any activity taken on your Affirm account using your login credentials, except as expressly provided by applicable law. You agree to establish reasonable security procedures and controls to limit access to your password or other identifying information to authorized individuals, which includes choosing passwords and other credentials in a manner that will protect the security of your information. Your credentials include the mobile number associated with your Affirm account, any single-use verification codes sent to your mobile device and usernames and passwords for any third-party account(s) you have used to login to your Affirm account. You are also responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information in your Affirm account.

Website & App Content.

Other than any contractual terms, the information published on the Website and App is for information purposes only. It is believed to be reliable, but Affirm does not make any promises as to its completeness, timeliness or accuracy. The information and materials contained in the Website and App are subject to change without notice.

The App provides certain functionalities to allow you to view your loan balance(s), manage your loans (including making payments, designating a payment instrument, setting up or turning off AutoPay) and updating personal information.

Access to the Services, Website, or App may from time to time be unavailable, delayed, limited or slowed due to, among other things:

servers, networks, hardware failure (including your own computer or mobile device), telecommunication lines and connections, and other electronic and mechanical equipment;

software failure, including among other things, bugs, errors, viruses, configuration problems, incompatibility of systems, utilities or applications, the operation of firewalls or screening programs, unreadable codes, or irregularities within particular documents or other content;

overload of system capacities;

damage caused by severe weather, earthquakes, wars, insurrection, riots, civil commotion, act of God, accident, fire, water damage, explosion, mechanical breakdown or natural disasters;

interruption (whether partial or total) of power supplies or other utility of service; strike or other stoppage (whether partial or total) of labor;

governmental or regulatory restrictions, exchange rulings, court or tribunal orders or other human intervention; or

any other cause (whether similar or dissimilar to any of the foregoing) whatsoever beyond the control of Affirm.

Links to Other Websites.

Links to non-Affirm websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to users of the Services, and Affirm has no control over the content on such non-Affirm websites. Affirm makes no warranties concerning the content of such websites, including the accuracy, completeness, reliability of said websites, nor does Affirm warrant that such website or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. If you choose to follow a link to a website not controlled by Affirm, you must do so at your own risk. Affirm does not guarantee the authenticity of documents on the Internet. Links to non-Affirm websites do not imply any endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information or services offered at such sites, or any representation regarding the content at such websites.

Closing Your Account.

You may request to close your account at any time by contacting us through the Affirm Help Center. Your request may take up to 30 business days to process. Upon account closure, we will cancel any pending transactions unless otherwise legally prohibited. If you owe any payment, Affirm will not close your account until that payment has been made, but we may limit your ability to make additional transactions using your account. You may not close your account to evade an investigation. You will remain liable for all obligations related to your account even after the account is closed. Affirm will retain your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and any applicable law.

Dormant Accounts.

Affirm may close your account if you do not log in to your account or use the Affirm Services for two or more years. Affirm will only retain your information in accordance with applicable law.

Feedback You Provide.

If you submit comments, ideas, or feedback to us, you agree that we can use them without any restriction or compensation to you. We own all right, title and interest in and to such feedback, all developments based upon such feedback and all intellectual property in and to the foregoing. You hereby assign and agree to assign to us all right, title and interest it may have in and to such feedback, all developments based upon such feedback and all intellectual property in and to the foregoing. If we accept your submission, we do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas or feedback previously known to us, developed by our employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

How you may NOT use Affirm.

By using the Affirm Services, Website, or App, you agree that:

You will not engage in any activities related to the Services, Website, or App that violate any applicable law, statute, regulation, or ordinance or breach these Terms of Service or any other agreement or policy you have with Affirm;

You will not provide false, inaccurate or misleading information;

You will not provide information belonging to any person other than yourself or use an account that belongs to another person for yourself or on behalf of another person;

You will not use the Services or Website to purchase:

Illegal items or conduct any illegal activities or transactions;

Ammunition, firearms, certain firearm parts or accessories, and certain weapons or knives regulated under applicable law;

Narcotics, steroids, controlled substances, quasi-pharmaceuticals, or drug paraphernalia;

Currency in any form, including virtual and digital currency;

Stolen goods, including but not limited to, digital or virtual goods; or

A good or service deemed unacceptable by Affirm, in our sole discretion

You will not use any device, software, routine, file or other tool or technology, including but not limited to any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs or cancelbots, intended to damage or interfere with the Website, App, or Services or to surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information from the Website, App, or Services;

You will not use the Services to make payment(s) on an existing Affirm loan(s). Unless otherwise expressly permitted by Affirm, you will not use the Services for the purpose of payment for an existing loan(s) from another institution;

You will not use the Services to accomplish a cash advance, wire or money transfer;

You will not commit unauthorized use of Affirm's Website, App, and systems including but not limited to unauthorized entry into Affirm's systems, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted to a site;

You will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, including but not limited to denial of service attacks, "spam" or any other such unsolicited overload technique; and

You will comply with the Affirm Customer Code of Conduct, below.

Affirm Customer Code of Conduct

You agree that:

You will not attempt to intimidate or harass any Affirm employee or any third party engaged by Affirm to provide you service;

You will not use profane, hostile or aggressive language with any Affirm employee or any third party engaged by Affirm to provide you service; and

You will not discriminate against any Affirm employee or any third party engaged by Affirm to provide you service on the grounds of sex, marital status, religious or ethical belief, race, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, political opinion, employment or family status or sexual orientation.

If you fail to comply with this Customer Code of Conduct, Affirm may take reasonable measures to protect its employees, as well as third parties engaged by Affirm, including the limitation of services offered to you.

How Affirm will resolve disputes.

Disputes with Affirm.

If a dispute arises between you and Affirm, our goal is to provide you with a neutral and cost-effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. In the event of a dispute we encourage you first to contact us through the Affirm Help Center to try resolving your problem directly with us.

Arbitration (Not applicable in Quebec).

To the extent permitted by applicable law, either party to these Terms of Service may require that any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service will be determined by final and binding arbitration. The arbitration would be conducted in the province or territory in which you reside at the time you enter in the loan agreement.

Miscellaneous provisions.

Operations.

Affirm operates and controls the Services, Website, and App from its offices in the United States. Affirm makes no representation or warranties that the Services, Website, or App are appropriate or available in other locations. The information provided on the Website or App, or through the Services, is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Affirm to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Website, App, or Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Software from the Services is subject to applicable export control laws. You agree that you will not export any software from the Services to countries, persons or entities prohibited by such laws. The parties specifically disclaim application of the Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. These Terms of Service are effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate these Terms of Service by ceasing your access to the Website, App,and Services and destroying all Service-related materials obtained from the Service or any of Affirm's other websites or apps and paying all amounts you owe (including any fees or expenses incurred or imposed by Affirm) in full.

The privileges granted to you under these Terms of Service will terminate immediately and automatically without notice if you have failed to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service or any other terms agreed upon between you and Affirm.

Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice will act to modify these Terms of Service. You may not assign these Terms of Service without Affirm's prior written consent, but Affirm may assign these Terms of Service and its rights and obligations hereunder to any party at any time without any notice to you. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import. Upon Affirm's request, you will furnish to Affirm any documentation, substantiation or releases necessary to verify your compliance with these Terms of Service.

You agree that these Terms of Service will not be construed against Affirm by virtue of having drafted them.

You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Service and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms of Service.

Heter Iska.

Affirm provides a Heter Iska Agreement (for full terms and conditions please click here). If you are subject to the prohibition of Ribbis, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and accept and can comply with the Heter Iska Agreement. Accordingly, you agree that any funding in conflict with the prohibition of Ribbis, shall be deemed an Iska as defined by the Heter Iska Agreement.

Waiver.

The failure of Affirm to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

Entire Agreement.

These Terms of Service and any other policies or terms referenced herein constitute the entire agreement between you and Affirm with regard to your use of the Website, App, and Affirm Services and any previous Terms of Service that may exist between you and Affirm is hereby superseded.

Changes to Terms of Service.

These Terms of Service cannot be changed or modified by you without Affirm's consent.

Severability.

If any provision of these Terms of Service shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Service and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

Conflict; Paramountcy.

To the extent there is any conflict or inconsistency between these Terms of Service and any agreements you have entered into with us associated with the Services, the other agreement shall prevail in relation to the specific aspects of the Services to which it applies.

Governing Law.

The laws of the Province of Ontario and federal laws of Canada (as applicable) shall govern your access to, and use of, the Website, App, and Services and the terms of these Terms of Service.

Intellectual Property.

All content, design, graphics, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Website, App, and Services are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights (including but not limited to intellectual property rights) and owned by Affirm or one of its affiliates. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any part of the Website, App, or Services, unless expressly permitted in writing by Affirm, is strictly prohibited. Use of the Website, App, or Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in any of the content, documents or other materials you access. The posting of information or materials on the Website or App, or through provision of Services, does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials.

Trademark.

"Affirm" is the marketing name for certain financial services activities of Affirm as operator of the Services. "Affirm" is a trademark of Affirm. Other featured words or symbols may be the trademarks of their respective owners.

Indemnification.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Affirm, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives harmless from any liability, including reasonable legal fees, related to your use of the Services or any violation of these Terms of Service.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

AFFIRM AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO COMMITMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT (i) THE CONTENT, RELIABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE, APP, OR SERVICES OR FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE WEBSITE, APP, OR SERVICES OR (ii) THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE, APP OR SERVICES. AFFIRM AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION AND CONDITION OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE, APP, AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY REGARDING NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AFFIRM AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SYSTEM FAILURES OR OTHER INTERRUPTIONS THAT MAY AFFECT THE RECEIPT, PROCESSING, ACCEPTANCE, COMPLETION OR SETTLEMENT OF PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS OR THE SERVICES.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

AFFIRM AND ITS AFFILIATES HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY PRODUCT AVAILABLE FROM OR THOUGH THE WEBSITE OR APP, OR THE USE OF THE SERVICES. IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, AFFIRM AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY COMPENSATORY, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE; NOR ARE AFFIRM AND ITS AFFILIATES LIABLE FOR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR CLAIMS. NONE OF THE SERVICES WOULD BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, YOU OBTAIN FROM US FROM OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE, APP, OR SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. NEITHER AFFIRM NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY FAILURE OR DELAY RESULTING FROM ANY CONDITION BEYOND THE REASONABLE CONTROL OF SUCH PARTY.

Statute of Limitations (Not applicable in Quebec).

To the extent permitted by and subject to applicable law, you and Affirm both agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Website, App, Services, Terms of Service or Privacy Policy must be filed within ONE (1) YEAR after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

No Third-Party Beneficiaries.

These Terms of Service are between you and Affirm. No user has any rights to force Affirm to enforce any rights it may have against you or any other user.

Language.

You and Affirm agree that these Terms of Service and all documents relating thereto be drawn-up in English. Les parties aux présentes ont expressément demandé que ces "Terms of Service" et tout document y afférent, y compris tout avis, soient rédigés en langue anglaise.

Electronic Documents.

This electronic document, and all other electronic documents referred to or incorporated herein, will be: (a) deemed for all purposes to be a "writing" or "in writing", and to comply with all statutory, contractual, and other legal requirements for a writing; and (b) legally enforceable as a signed agreement.

Survival.

The provisions of this section and sections relating to termination, indemnification, limitation of liability, intellectual property, disclaimer of warranty and governing law of these Terms of Service shall survive the expiry or termination of these Terms of Service for any reason.

Affirm E-Sign Consent Agreement
This E-Sign Consent constitutes your consent to receive Disclosures and other information in electronic form, subject to any limitations under applicable law. In connection with the Affirm Services, Affirm is required by law to provide you with certain disclosures. Without your consent, Affirm is not permitted to provide those disclosures to you in electronic form. If you do not consent to this E-Sign Consent, you should not use the Affirm Services.

Consumer Consent.

Before using the Affirm Services, you will be asked to consent to the Affirm Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy by clicking "Create Account." This action is equivalent to your electronic signature and manifests your consent and agreement to the following terms:

Affirm may provide Disclosures required by law relating to the Affirm Services and any other information about your legal rights and duties and your account to you electronically.

Affirm may send any communications, billing statements, or required disclosures, such as initial and annual privacy notices (together, "Disclosures") to you electronically via our Website or App, or to the email address or mobile telephone number that you have provided to us, either directly or indirectly via the merchant to whom Affirm will send funds on your behalf.

Affirm may notify you via email when the Disclosures are available. The Disclosures will be available for at least 30 days and will be provided to you in a format that can either be printed or downloaded for your records. Whenever we send you an email or text message regarding the Disclosures, that email or text message will contain instructions regarding how to view the Disclosures.

Your electronic signature on agreements and documents has the same effect as if you signed them in ink.

This consent applies to any transaction undertaken through the provision of Services in the past, to all future Disclosures and communications on your account, to all future transactions in which you use the Services, at any time, to any transaction with us, and to other Disclosures that we provide to you by email.

Minimum Requirements.

You understand that, in order to view and/or retain copies of the Disclosures, you may need a computer with an Internet connection (PCs should be running Windows 7 or higher and Microsoft Edge, Chrome, or Firefox; Macs should be running OSX and Safari, Chrome, or Firefox); a mobile device (iOS 6.0 or higher devices running Safari or Chrome; Android 4.0 or higher devices running Android Browser or Chrome), a valid email address, a working mobile telephone number that can receive text messages, sufficient storage space to save Disclosures or the capability to print the Disclosures from the device on which you view them.

Withdrawing Consent.

You are free to withdraw your consent at any time. If at any time you wish to withdraw your consent, you can send us your request by contacting us through the Affirm Help Center or by calling us at 888-484-4282. If you decide to withdraw your consent, the legal effectiveness, validity and/or enforceability of prior electronic Disclosures will not be affected and Affirm may close or limit access to your account. You agree to pay any amount owed to Affirm even if you withdraw your consent and we close or limit access to your account.

Legal Effect.

Your consent to this E-Sign Consent means that Disclosures Affirm provides to you electronically shall have the same meaning and effect as if provided in paper form. A text message or email alerting you that Disclosures are available electronically, provided that the Disclosures are made available online shall have the same meaning and effect as if Affirm had provided those Disclosures to you in paper form, regardless of whether you actually view those Disclosures, unless you have withdrawn your consent pursuant to Section 3, above, prior to receiving such Disclosures.

Miscellaneous.

You agree that Affirm may modify or change the methods of disclosure described herein, and that Affirm may send you Disclosures in paper form at its option. You can obtain a paper copy of an electronic Disclosure at no charge, provided that such request is made within a reasonable time after we first provided the electronic Disclosure to you. To request a paper copy of a Disclosure, contact us through the Affirm Help Center or call us at 888-484-4282.

You also agree that Affirm is not responsible for any delay or failure in your receipt of any text message or email notice that is not caused by Affirm's failure to send such a notice to the phone number or email address you have provided for that purpose.