Dispute a purchase

If you haven't done so already, contact the store where you made the purchase to resolve the issue with them directly. The store is usually the expert on returns, cancellations, missing orders, and damaged or defective items.
  If you're unable to reach a resolution of the issue with the store, you can submit a dispute through Affirm as long as you made the purchase within the past 60 calendar days. If your issue is related to a missing order, the dispute window may differ.
  When you open a dispute, you’ll be prompted to provide the necessary evidence to support your claim. Once this evidence has been provided, the dispute will be opened and Affirm will reach out to the store to gather documentation from them. They have 15 calendar days to provide supporting evidence.
  How to start your dispute with Affirm
Click the Dispute a Purchase button and follow the steps below to start your dispute.
  Dispute a Purchase
  Sign in to your account (only available at affirm.com and not through the Affirm app)
Click 'Manage'.
Click on the payment plan you’d like to dispute and navigate to the 'Details section'.
Click ‘Dispute this purchase’ at the bottom of the page.
You’ll be asked a series of questions to gather information about your purchase and your dispute. We’ll ask you to upload evidence about your specific dispute.
Note: Disputes cannot be submitted for payment plans that are still in a “processing” state.
Complete all required fields and provide as much detail as possible to help our team resolve the issue faster.
Depending on the reason for the dispute, we may not be able to proceed with the dispute without the required evidence.
When you’re finished filling out all fields and uploading evidence, click 'Submit'.
  After the dispute is submitted
An investigation will be initiated once you have provided any required supporting documentation (if applicable) for your claim.
After reviewing the evidence, we'll notify you of a decision, typically within15 calendar days. Note that some cases may take longer, so don’t worry if you haven’t heard back.
While your purchase is in dispute, your payments will be paused. As always, we don't charge late fees, so you won't end up paying more than you already agreed to upfront.

After the dispute is resolved
If the dispute is resolved in your favor, we'll refund the full amount of your purchase, minus any interest paid.
If we resolve the dispute in the store’s favor, then your original payment schedule will still apply. This means that any payments that were due during the dispute period will be due immediately.
 