PayBright account management

Access my account
How can I log into my PayBright account?

Log into your PayBright account here. You will need access to the phone number and email address that you used at checkout.
  Not seeing your contracts in your PayBright account?
   If your agreement was processed through easyfinancial/goeasy, please access their website directly to view your loan details.
If your original loan confirmation email included a username and password, login here.

If you are still having trouble logging into your account, please contact us.
  Can I update my shipping address?
  For orders that have already been placed:
  Unfortunately, as your shipping address is placed directly through the retailer, there is no way on our end to update the address for orders that have already been placed.
In order to update your shipping/delivery address for an existing payment plan, please contact the merchant/retailer with whom you placed your order to cancel your order and your associated PayBright Payment Plan. You will then need to replace the order with the correct shipping address.
  For future orders:
  If you wish to update your billing address associated with your PayBright account for future orders using PayBright, please contact us here. Please be sure to provide both your current, and the new address you would like to have your account updated to.
Note: This address should be the billing address associated with your bank, and it should be an exact match with how the Postal Service notates it. 
It may take up to 10 business days for us to update your billing address after you submit the form.
  How do I update my email address?
  We send important notifications to your email so it's important that it stays accurate and up to date! if you need to update your email address, please contact us.
  How do I update my mobile number?
  We use your mobile phone number as a unique identifier. It's used as an important part of your profile so it’s important that it stays accurate and up to date! Please contact us to update your mobile number when needed.
  Can I update my notification settings and preferences?
  If you receive email communication from us and you’d like to change your preferences, scroll to the bottom of the email and click on Manage your Profile to update your information or click Unsubscribe to unsubscribe. 
  Can I Close My Account?

The simple fact of having a PayBright account won't affect your credit score. But if you've paid off your purchases and would like to close your account anyway, please contact us here. We’ll get in touch, then close your account with no impact to your credit. Please Note: It may take up to 10 business days for us to confirm the updates after you submit the form.
After closing your account, you won’t be able to log in or view any Payment Plan history.

 