PayBright billing

When are my payments due?
  For Equal Monthly Payment Plans, your first payment is typically due one month after you complete your transaction, and will continue to be debited automatically on the same day of each month for the rest of the term. To view your payment schedule for a monthly payment plan, log into your PayBright account and click View Payment Schedule.
For Pay in 4 Purchases, Your first payment (1/4 of the purchase total) will be authorized on the day of your purchase. The remaining 3 payments begin biweekly following your first payment. You will be shown a breakdown of the payment amounts at checkout once you complete your purchase.
Note: An authorization may sometimes show on your card while we wait to confirm that everything is okay on your retailer's end. If you've waited more than 48 hours for your authorization to clear for a purchase and haven't received an order confirmation, please contact us here.
  Can I change my payment due dates?
  Unfortunately, we can't change when your payments are due. If you need more time to make a payment, please let us know here.
Tip: You can always make extra payments or pay your balance in full at any time with no penalties!
  How long do I have to pay off my loan?
  We'll always be transparent about how much you're paying and for how long. You'll be shown a break-down of your payment plan and terms before you process any transaction.
The payment plans available are determined by the retailer. Here are the different types of plans:
  Pay Monthly
  Monthly repayments with terms ranging from 3 to 60 months. 
  Pay in 4
  Four bi-weekly payments for smaller purchases, usually under $1,000.
  How can I check my account balance?
  To see the remaining balance on your loan(s), how many payments you have left, and when they're due, sign in to your PayBright account and select the loan.
  Where can I review my payment plan?
  Your Payment Plan will be attached to the confirmation email you receive after your purchase.
To see your payment schedule, balance , and other important information on your current loans, log into your PayBright account. Can't access your account? Let us know!

 